DOC basic docs for scanner (#1120)
Azure/PyRIT: doc/code/scanner/0_scanner.md

# PyRIT Scanner

The PyRIT Scanner is a command-line interface (CLI) tool that enables automated security testing and red teaming of generative AI systems through configuration-driven attacks. It provides a declarative way to define and execute complex attack scenarios without writing Python code.

## Overview

The scanner feature allows you to:

- **Configure attacks declaratively** using YAML configuration files
- **Execute multiple attack scenarios** against AI systems
- **Apply prompt converters** to transform and obfuscate prompts
- **Score responses automatically** using various scoring strategies
- **Track and label operations** for organized testing campaigns
- **Run tests locally** with support for future distributed execution

## Key Components

### 1. CLI Command (`pyrit_scan`)

> The scanner is invoked through the `pyrit_scan` command, which is automatically available after installing PyRIT:
> 
> ```bash
> python -m pyrit --config-file path/to/config.yaml
> ```
> 
> Or if PyRIT is installed as a package:
> 
> ```bash
> pyrit_scan --config-file path/to/config.yaml
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The scanner can be invoked either by running the python package along with the scanner config file: 

```bash
python -m pyrit --config-file path/to/config.yaml
```

Or with the `pyrit_scan` command if PyRIT is installed as a package:

```bash
pyrit_scan --config-file path/to/config.yaml
```
```
